I told her, "I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant."
Please treat me gently.
Suddenly, a police officer came and grabbed my wife like this.
Then the officer with the dog knocked her to the ground.
I am a Palestinian from Gaza.
One day I heard that friends of mine, who were like brothers to me, had been killed
so I stressed out.
Then my supervisor called me and said: "You will be deported to Egypt. Nothing can prevent your deportation."
Your wife will be deported to Germany,
and they will take the child, for what they call child protection.
I asked, "Why should my wife suffer through childbirth only for you to take our child?"
They brought the racist police officers.
I told them: "I am a Palestinian from Gaza"
"My wife is pregnant. Please don't talk to her."
They said, "Okay, okay."
Then, to my surprise, I raised my hands respectfully.
The video proves it. And the full video would show even more.
Then an officer grabbed my wife.
Not the one who knocked her down, but another officer before him.
He told her to move away.
She replied: "No, I don't want to move away. Can I go with my husband?"
At least please treat her respectfully!
Then the officer with the dog knocked her down.
I could not just stand there and watch my wife and daughter getting assulted
I went to defend my wife and daughter.
They didn't like that and they made the dog attack us.
They threw me to the ground.
They kept pushing and hitting me in the stomach with their iron sticks.
They dragged me until I fell.
They grabbed my wife by the hair and slammed her onto her back, even though she has a disc problem.
I was asking the police whether I could go with him or not.
Before I even got an answer, the officer next to me struck me
along with his dog.
After I was hit and fell, a female officer dragged me away.
She saw my stomach, and I told her, "I'm pregnant. Please be gentle with me."
She didn't respond. She was very harsh in her treatment.
I started experiencing labor symptoms from the first blow I received.
The contractions continued for three days.
The fourth and fifth days were even harder.
Then I gave birth to my daughter safely, thank God.
Whatever the reason, nothing justifies that kind of response
especially from the police.
They are supposed to protect people,
not make them feel fear and terror.
We still have not received our daughter's birth certificate.
Even tho she was born in the hospital
and we are still waiting.
I don't know where we stand, why this happened, or what comes next.
I feel lost and afraid. This caused me psychological trauma.
Now I think that the Netherlands and all of Europe are the same.
Nothing will change my mind anymore.
When they tell us: "Leave your country and come here,"
"We have human rights, children's rights, and women's rights,"
they are misleading people in Gaza.
They tell them that once the crossing opens,
they should leave their homeland and come here and find your human and children rights.
I want to send a message to the people of Gaza:
This is what they call children's rights and women's rights.
God is showing you not to leave, not to take your wife, daughter, or mother
and expose them to injustice here,
while leaving your homeland behind.